---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-recaps/from-goblins-to-the-grave/","tags":["Session"]}
---

# September 3, 2025 : From Goblins to the Grave
## Overcoming the Goblin Ambush 
Engaging the threat around the corner, the party easily overcomes the goblin ambush. Between your frontline brute tackling the worg and hobgoblin head on, range attackers picking goblin after goblin from atop the rocks, and our newest adventurer took a group of goblins off at the top of one of the ridges, and just in time! The jammed boulder was loosed and began to roll toward the party. [[Arabar\|Arabar]], prepared for the worst, putting everything he has into holding the rock back until everyone was clear of its path.

On the other side of the bridge, another group of goblins waits for the party to start crossing the bridge before cutting the ropes. The eagle named hawk sees the threat and the adventurers prepare. Grabbing some of the bested goblins, [[Rokirus\|Rokirus]], [[Arabar\|Arabar]], and [[Beedle\|Beedle]] start their way across the bridge -- planning to toss them to the hidden goblins and using spell one of his signature spells, corpse explosion, to finish off the onslaught -- but 2 goblins make way cutting ropes before they can execute their plan. With a trained shot, [[Landstrider\|Landstrider]] drops on of the goblins, but not enough to finish the other...[[Alban\|Alban]] leaps into action and befriends the goblin, easing his emotions to be friendly to him. Beckoning the goblin over, he hesitantly squeezes by [[Rokirus\|Rokirus]] and [[Arabar\|Arabar]] carrying 2 defeated goblins...as he comes to cross [[Arabar\|Arabar]], he lifts him up by the throat and tosses the goblin off the bridge! Now, the plan continues and is executed with precision, defeating an entire group of goblins, clearing the path.  

## Crater in the Mountain
Along the way, a crater full of corpses. A graveyard of a sort. remains those of demos, trapped in the mortal plane. A sparkle near the center peaks Landstryder's attention, as well as a slight tug from [[Mistwarden\|Mistwarden]]. The party takes the dungeon masters' bait, and enters the crater. Once inside, an orc spirit, reveals the location of 2 gemstones, one emerald and one sapphire - in an identical unique shape. They look like they will fit in the missing slots of [[Mistwarden\|Mistwarden]]. For now, we will see what their use can be in the [[Tomb of Gromm\|Tomb of Gromm]] Eathheart for retrieving what rightly belongs to Rokirus, descendent of the mighty warrior blessed by the gods as the bearer of an armor crafted by the gods themselves, one of the few artifacts for their champions to wield in the ongoing assault from the creatures of Nulda in the [[3. New Age - Actual\|New Age]]. Another jolt of excitement to reach the cave beyond [[The Spine\|The Spine]].

## Emerging The Spine
Finally, emerging the other side of [[The Spine\|The Spine]], the party sees the blizzards of [[The Ivory Expanse\|The Ivory Expanse]]. Not but a couple hundred yards away, the blizzard makes seeing into The Ivory Expanse impossible, snow swirling in every which way. A problem for another day, the party heads to the entrance of the cave. Hearing noises in the cave, the party prepares for the worst. Howling and human yelling / grunts. then, massive wolves come rushing out of the mouth of the cave. Larger than they have seen before and white as snow. Their fur so closely resembles snow, as soon as the wolves hit the snow they like to disappear blending in so well. 

Entering the cave the party finds a group of [[Legion\|Legion]] Cultists. A couple resting after the fight, another beginning to cast a spell, and one walking back to the group putting something in his pouch. Looking up to see another group has come to join the party, the cultist walking from the back of the cave informs the party that it is done. They finally have the last piece. This will show us where the pieces of the [[The Crown of Eternal Passage\|The Crown of Eternal Passage]] are, that we can summon the Demon Lord, [[Amon, Primal of Death\|Amon]] himself, get our general back and finish this pathetic fight you mortals think you'll win.

As he finishes his statement, [[Landstrider\|Landstrider]] looses an arrow at the villain and strikes true. In return, the cultist releases a stream of necrotic energy, almost dropping [[Landstrider\|Landstrider]].


